README.md, before:

Simon S10228098
Assignment 1
Theme: Personal portfolio site
External user's goal: Recruiters who are looking to hire me
My goal (site owner's goal): Present myself in the best light so that I can get hired.
Features to include:
- Educational history and work experience
- Skills and other relevant interests
- Basic personal information and contact information for recruiters
- Showcase portfolio of projects and achievements.
Total Page: 4
Home, About, Portfolio, Contact

9/11/2021
- Created wireframe

28/11/2021
- Created HTML and CSS page.
- Worked on index.html along with the CSS script intended for it.

30/11/2021
- Created About, Portfolio and Contact page.
- Worked on about.html along with the CSS and JavaScript intended for it.
- Worked on portfolio.html along with the CSS script intended for it.

1/12/2021
- Touch up on Contact page, added icons for contact.
- Added more information to About page.

Credit
- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_js_collapsible (Collapsible for About)
- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_gallery.asp (Image Gallery for Portfolio)
- https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_validation.asp (Form Validation for Contact)


Images
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Instagram-Icon.png (Instagram icon)
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:YouTube_full-color_icon_(2017).svg (Youtube icon)
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Facebook_icon_2013.svg (Facebook icon)
- https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/linkedin_174857 (Linkedin icon)

Commit message:

Touch up on index.html, portfolio.html

README.md, after:

Simon S10228098
Assignment 1
Theme: Personal portfolio site
External user's goal: Recruiters who are looking to hire me
My goal (site owner's goal): Present myself in the best light so that I can get hired.
Features to include:
- Educational history and work experience
- Skills and other relevant interests
- Basic personal information and contact information for recruiters
- Showcase portfolio of projects and achievements.
Total Page: 4
Home, About, Portfolio, Contact
Features
Existing Features
Home (index.html)
- Image and Text side by side.
- Each text with their own font family.
About (about.html)
- Collapsibles with my skills, achievements, working experience and hobbies.
Portfolio (portfolio.html)
- Gallery with images of my achievements and portfolios
Contact
- Contact form with pop-up notification of form validation
- Icons that links to various social media

9/11/2021
- Created wireframe

28/11/2021
- Created HTML and CSS page.
- Worked on index.html along with the CSS script intended for it.

30/11/2021
- Created About, Portfolio and Contact page.
- Worked on about.html along with the CSS and JavaScript intended for it.
- Worked on portfolio.html along with the CSS script intended for it.

1/12/2021
- Touch up on Contact page, added icons for contact.
- Added more information to About page.

2/12/2021
- Touch up on Home/index.html page.
Credit
Content
- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_js_collapsible (Collapsible for About)
- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_gallery.asp (Image Gallery for Portfolio)
- https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_validation.asp (Form Validation for Contact)
- https://fonts.google.com/ (Google Fonts)


Media
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Instagram-Icon.png (Instagram icon)
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:YouTube_full-color_icon_(2017).svg (Youtube icon)
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Facebook_icon_2013.svg (Facebook icon)
- https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/linkedin_174857 (Linkedin icon)
